[Pages] Attempt to clear up domain limit text (#10626)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/limits.md

## Custom domains

> A Pages project can add up to a specific number of custom domains. This limit is on a per-project basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on your Cloudflare plan type, a Pages project is limited to a specific number of custom domains. This limit is on a per-project basis.
```
